README.md, before:

DistCode - Distributed Compilation For Xcode
============================================
			
DistCode provides a native Mac OS X GUI & Xcode plugin for the icecc
distributed compiler system. This allows users to compile their projects 
across multiple Macs to reduce build time.

icecc -- Distributed compiler with a central scheduler to share build load
--------------------------------------------------

[https://github.com/icecc/icecream](https://github.com/icecc/icecream)

Copyright (C) 2003, 2004 by the Icecream Authors

Based on distcc
Copyright (C) 2002, 2003 by Martin Pool <mbp@samba.org>

LZO
---------------------------------------------------

[http://www.oberhumer.com/opensource/lzo/](http://www.oberhumer.com/opensource/lzo/)

Copyright (C) 1996-2014 Markus Franz Xaver Johannes Oberhumer
All Rights Reserved.

VPN & Mac Client Icons
----------------------

Copyright (C) VisualPharm [http://www.visualpharm.com](http://www.visualpharm.com)

Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported
	[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/)

Sparkle
-------

[https://github.com/pornel/Sparkle](https://github.com/pornel/Sparkle)

Copyright (c) 2006 Andy Matuschak

OBMenuBarWindow
---------------

[https://github.com/obolton/OBMenuBarWindow](https://github.com/obolton/OBMenuBarWindow)

Copyright (c) 2013, Oliver Bolton [http://oliverbolton.com/](http://oliverbolton.com/)
All rights reserved.

DOTabbar
--------

[https://github.com/stel/DOTabbar](https://github.com/stel/DOTabbar)

Copyright (c) 2013 Dmitry Obukhov

Other Icons
-----------

The Oxygen Icon Theme
    Copyright (C) 2007 Nuno Pinheiro <nuno@oxygen-icons.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 David Vignoni <david@icon-king.com>
    Copyright (C) 2007 David Miller <miller@oxygen-icons.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Johann Ollivier Lapeyre <johann@oxygen-icons.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Kenneth Wimer <kwwii@bootsplash.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Riccardo Iaconelli <riccardo@oxygen-icons.org>
    

and others

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Lesser General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License along with this library. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Clarification:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License or LGPL is written for
  software libraries in the first place. We expressly want the LGPL to
  be valid for this artwork library too.

  KDE Oxygen theme icons is a special kind of software library, it is an
  artwork library, it's elements can be used in a Graphical User Interface, or
  GUI.

  Source code, for this library means:
   - where they exist, SVG;
   - otherwise, if applicable, the multi-layered formats xcf or psd, or
  otherwise png.

  The LGPL in some sections obliges you to make the files carry
  notices. With images this is in some cases impossible or hardly useful.

  With this library a notice is placed at a prominent place in the directory
  containing the elements. You may follow this practice.

  The exception in section 5 of the GNU Lesser General Public License covers
  the use of elements of this art library in a GUI.

  kde-artists [at] kde.org

DistCode License
----------------

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

[DistCode] Back to distcc/dmucs in the readme to.

README.md, after:

DistCode - Distributed Compilation For Xcode
============================================
			
DistCode provides a GUI for managing distccd compilation hosts, with
the host management and distribution managed by dmucs. An Xcode compiler
plugin is provided to allow projects to compile across multiple machines using
distcc. 						

DMUCS – a Distributed Multi-User Compilation System
---------------------------------------------------

[http://dmucs.sourceforge.net](http://dmucs.sourceforge.net)

by Victor Norman <vic.norman@gmail.com>

Additional changes have been made to integrate into Xcode 5+ as part of DistCode:
	 [https://github.com/marksatt/dmucs](https://github.com/marksatt/dmucs)

distcc -- a free distributed C/C++ compiler system
--------------------------------------------------

[http://code.google.com/p/distcc/](http://code.google.com/p/distcc/)

by Martin Pool <mbp@samba.org>

"pump" functionality added by Fergus Henderson, Nils Klarlund, Manos Renieris, and Craig Silverstein (Google Inc.)
			    
Containing the Xcode integration code v. 2805 from Apple used in Xcode 3 and earlier.
The Apple code is found here: [http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/distcc/](http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/distcc/)
Or as a tarball here: [http://opensource.apple.com/tarballs/distcc/](http://opensource.apple.com/tarballs/distcc/)

Additional changes have been made to integrate into Xcode 5+ as part of DistCode:
	 [https://github.com/marksatt/distcc](https://github.com/marksatt/distcc)

VPN & Mac Client Icons
----------------------

Copyright (C) VisualPharm [http://www.visualpharm.com](http://www.visualpharm.com)

Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported
	[http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/)

Sparkle
-------

[https://github.com/pornel/Sparkle](https://github.com/pornel/Sparkle)

Copyright (c) 2006 Andy Matuschak

OBMenuBarWindow
---------------

[https://github.com/obolton/OBMenuBarWindow](https://github.com/obolton/OBMenuBarWindow)

Copyright (c) 2013, Oliver Bolton [http://oliverbolton.com/](http://oliverbolton.com/)
All rights reserved.

DOTabbar
--------

[https://github.com/stel/DOTabbar](https://github.com/stel/DOTabbar)

Copyright (c) 2013 Dmitry Obukhov

Other Icons
-----------

The Oxygen Icon Theme
    Copyright (C) 2007 Nuno Pinheiro <nuno@oxygen-icons.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 David Vignoni <david@icon-king.com>
    Copyright (C) 2007 David Miller <miller@oxygen-icons.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Johann Ollivier Lapeyre <johann@oxygen-icons.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Kenneth Wimer <kwwii@bootsplash.org>
    Copyright (C) 2007 Riccardo Iaconelli <riccardo@oxygen-icons.org>
    

and others

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
    version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

    This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
    Lesser General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
    License along with this library. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Clarification:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License or LGPL is written for
  software libraries in the first place. We expressly want the LGPL to
  be valid for this artwork library too.

  KDE Oxygen theme icons is a special kind of software library, it is an
  artwork library, it's elements can be used in a Graphical User Interface, or
  GUI.

  Source code, for this library means:
   - where they exist, SVG;
   - otherwise, if applicable, the multi-layered formats xcf or psd, or
  otherwise png.

  The LGPL in some sections obliges you to make the files carry
  notices. With images this is in some cases impossible or hardly useful.

  With this library a notice is placed at a prominent place in the directory
  containing the elements. You may follow this practice.

  The exception in section 5 of the GNU Lesser General Public License covers
  the use of elements of this art library in a GUI.

  kde-artists [at] kde.org

DistCode License
----------------

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
